Every day you have to walk the dog.
Don't be scared.
Say please.
And thank you.
Oh, thank you God, there's a nickel in it.
A virgin.
New York won 24 hours a day.
We take the time to do it right.
Debbie Faerich.
The interesting thing about Mother Hale
is that when you become close to a story like that
and you see the difference they have made,
you think that things can be okay.
She believed the way to heal was to give babies what they needed most.
Love and attention.
24 hours a day.
We take the time to do it right.
New York won because there's only one New York.
If you think these tunes are classics,
wait till you read these.
It's true top tunes are timeless,
but a good book is never a thing of the past.
There's nothing like a good book, I always say.
Right, so ask your parents to read you one of their favorites
because books are better when they're read together.
Tune in to Reading, a message from the National Center for Family Literacy
and the product to the network.
Hey, Tune, pass me the corn pops.
Where next, Caddy?
Right, sir.
Oh no, I want my Kellogg's corn pops.
Stay calm.
Let's go, son.
Coming.
Go and leave behind my corn pops.
Are you serious?
Oh, like sweet popcorn, there's never enough.
And now I have to lug this bag on an empty tank
and shag balls for this divot head
who thinks I'm his son while they get the pops.
Give me all of this.
Yes.
Kellogg's corn pops is part of this complete breakfast.
I gotta have my pops.
Think of all the mature, responsible things you could be doing.
Helping old ladies cross the street,
hanging with your folks,
or cleaning your room.
But get real, you'd rather be playing video games
than you can rent them from Blockbusters.
They've got more video games for rent
than anyone in the world.
And now, every Blockbuster's getting
tons of the coolest new video games.
And you can play for three whole evenings.
So, dudes, why not get your games at Blockbuster?
It's the mature thing to do.
What's making these watermelons wiggle?
New watermelon gel!
The fruity taste of watermelon
is in new gel and watermelon gelative.
We're delicious.
Hey, hey!
You can have your fun and eat it, too.
This morning, we were regular fifth graders.
Now we're heroes.
It all started when we were separated from our class
on a field trip.
We were off goofing around when we realized...
Wait!
What if it was our bus?
We knew if we missed our bus, we'd be toast.
Once we saw our bus, we figured we were aces.
We were wrong.
How come we don't know anyone on this bus?
Because that's our bus.
What bus are you boys supposed to be on?
The one that's going to McDonald's.
His famous people will never do homework.
Welcome to SNCC, Saturday Night Nickelodeon.
Now you'll know what everyone's talking about
on Monday morning.
Pretty dull without it.
Take the season.
When summer starts,
you can't wait to get out the suntan lotion,
the charcoal, the volleyball net.
But by the end of the summer,
everything's full of sand.
The mosquitoes think you're lunch meat
and if you see one more roasted wiener,
you're cute.
Or how about that time
you're really sick and tired of one look?
Something really cool comes along.
Then there are things that never change.
Things you can always count on.
The way school smells,
the way will socks feel itchy.
And then of course,
they're your grandparents.
Talk about dependable.
They're always glad to see you.
They always take your side.
And they always think you're the smartest,
cutest kid in the world.
Sometimes it's hard to believe
they're related to your mom and dad.
And you want to know the best thing about grandparents?
They're coming today.
Before my dad's parents get here.
It's a big deal.
They're 40th wedding anniversary.
We're throwing a party.
And I get to DJ.
Let's see.
Would Count Basie segue into Fouchnickens?
Well, the party's not till the end of the week.
So I've got time to think about it.
Besides,
I've got a lot more to do
with Grandma and Grandpa first.
I'm all set.
Cards for gin rummy,
Mark's Brothers movies,
board games.
Sounds pretty tame,
but they're not the most active people in the world.
Like last year
when we had our own spring training in the backyard.
And how about our trip to the lake?
Talk about the one that got away.
Then there was my sixth birthday
when we tried to play hide and seek.
Wasn't too tough to find them.
Sure, I've outgrown some of this stuff,
but they like it,
and I like them.
Hi, Sam.
Did you get them?
Sure, I got them.
Sort of.
Sort of?
Sam,
you don't sort of get Pearl Jam tickets.
You either get them or you don't.
You got them.
Didn't you?
You know how Mr. Flutstein always says
we should appreciate the little things in life?
Well, that's how Pearl Jam's going to look to us.
Little.
Bro, are in the second balcony?
I thought the music editor owed your dad a favor.
These are nosebleed seats.
Well, they are for free.
And it is Pearl Jam.
So we're on?
We're on.
Hey, what's all this stuff for?
Just stuff I'm going to do with my grandparents.
Wow.
I never plan to do anything with my grandpa.
He just rests all the time.
It's like a hobby.
He eats breakfast,
reads the paper,
and takes a nap.
Gets up for lunch,
watches the Perry Mason rerun,
and takes a nap.
Then it's time for people's court
a little dinner and...
Another nap?
No, then it's pretty much bedtime.
Well, it's not like I've scheduled
bungee jumping, Sam.
Besides, their idea of an aerobic workout
is shuffling the cards before another round of rummy.
Yeah, my grandpa loves to play cards, too.
We play for pretzel sticks.
It's always...
quit eating the pot, Tike.
Tike?
It's his dumb pet name for me.
Put it there, Tike.
How ya doin', Tike?
I'm permanently fixed in his brain
as being four years old.
They enjoy babying you.
They're grandparents.
It's part of their job description.
No kidding.
At Christmas, he sent me a Mr. Potato Head
with a note to my dad
to make sure I don't swallow any of the small pieces.
Come on, you're exaggerating.
Oh, yeah?
Last time they were here,
they took me to see Rafi, Aethro Center.
Hmm.
Aethro for Rafi.
Second balcony for Pearl Jam.
What's wrong with this picture?
I can't believe you're making pot roast, Mom.
Believe me, it wasn't my idea,
but your grandparents have to have red meat every day.
It's just too bad, Grandma and Grandpa
haven't discovered the benefits of health foods.
I just have to suffer through it
and pretend we like it.
Yes!
Where are they?
They're late.
They're never late, but they're late.
Marshall, I'm sure they're fine.
And so is the pot roast.
I've already seasoned it with herbs.
I think they'll like it.
Well, let's make sure.
Marshall?
Janet, can we just do this?
I do not want to sit through two hours
and my parents telling us the right way to make pot roast.
Chill out, Dad.
It's just beef.
Well, you try telling them that.
If you're going to get this upset over a pot roast,
how are you going to handle their anniversary?
You're right.
I know.
It just doesn't matter what I do.
They find it too radical.
When I had my hair long, they wanted it short.
My major in architecture, they wanted an accountant.
I had my own rock and roll band
and they told me to play the cello.
And forget about politics.
Well, they are a little straight-laced.
I just wish they would loosen up a little.
They're so conservative.
My kind of people.
Your kind of people are slimy with fins.
Slug.
Come on back.
Hold it.
There will be none of that.
For the week my parents are here, there will be peace and quiet.
Not too much excitement.
Not too much stress.
Well, they'll probably be worn out from the trip anyway.
Finally.
All right.
Okay.
They're here.
Is everything okay?
Is the meat okay?
Do I look okay?
Uh-huh.
Hey, hey.
Now remember what I said.
Let's just take it nice and slow.
I know everybody's excited, but...
Give us a hug.
Get over here, slugger.
Um, where were you?
Yes, we were beginning to worry.
Nana, Papa, don't you want to sit down?
Oh, no, no.
I'll tense up.
I have to work out.
It's best to keep moving.
Stay loose.
Work out?
Well, we drove by the old high school on the way in.
You know it looks a lot smaller.
We just had to get out and shoot a few hoops.
Hoops?
As in basketball?
They're joking.
You are joking, right?
Listen, I still get a few moves left, yeah.
I can't believe you guys played basketball.
Oh, we're not full court.
Slowpoke here can't handle my fast break.
Well, what's the matter?
Why is everybody so quiet?
Somebody die around here?
I'm famished.
Come on, Amelia.
Let's go wash up for dinner.
Last one up the stairs buys a Gatorade.
Oh, you're off.
I have just one question, Dad.
What's that, sport?
What have those people done with our real grandparents?
I'm sorry about the pot roast mix-up, Janet.
Oh, well, I could have prepared a vegetarian banquet
if only I'd known you'd given up red meat.
And caffeine.
And sugar.
And white flour.
Oh, toxins.
That's what they are.
Those things will kill you.
Nana, Papa, what happened to you?
Clarissa?
No, I'd like an answer to that too, hon.
It's just that you both seem so...
Well, go ahead and say it.
Young.
We feel marvelous.
Sure do.
This is too weird.
You guys aren't the same people who sent me
my first subscription to the Wall Street Journal.
Yeah, Dad.
I mean, you didn't act like this before you were retired.
Yeah.
Guy knew what to expect then.
What went wrong?
Well, I'll tell you.
For 42 years I ran my factory.
And all we ever made was those little
press-on nose pads for eyeglasses.
So boring!
So we were really looking forward to our golden years.
Time to play cards.
Yes, and watch old movies.
Look at the birds.
Sounds great.
Was it great?
He was driving me up the wall.
But he couldn't sit still.
It was depressing.
Then it hit me.
Last June we were playing cards.
I hate Jen Rummy.
To tell the truth, I always hated Jen Rummy.
But I only played it because he liked it.
That's when we decided to live a little.
And we've been on the go ever since.
Well, I think that's wonderful.
I think it's awful.
I mean, I'm...awful nice.
I think it's, you know, I think it's...
Hey.
I think I'd better replay my week.
Well, out with the old and in with the new.
It's great to see you can get older without getting slower.
The only thing is, if they keep up this pace,
who knows what will happen?
Will their search for adventure have a scaling new height?
Will their knick-knack collection meet a little more zip?
Or will they become international spies?
Boiling plots for global domination.
I thought I'd have to set the pace for them,
but now it looks like they're setting the pace for me.
And my whole family.
What a week.
It's been nonstop ever since my grandparents got here.
We spent Monday at the water park,
Tuesday at the blues festival,
Wednesday night's square dancing,
and today it was Wismos Arcade.
We've got blown away, soaked, trampled, and blasted.
In fact, aside from my grandparents,
I'm the only one still standing.
Cheap watch.
I can't believe the prizes they give out.
It does nothing it's supposed to.
You stooge. It's a two-dollar watch.
It's supposed to. It broke.
Am I holding the keys?
Oh, good. I wasn't sure.
I've lost all feeling to my arm after four straight hours of ski ball.
Well, no one can say you're not a good sport, Marshall.
What has happened to my parents?
I mean, I can't get over the change.
Remember when they came to visit last year?
We spent the whole week doing that 900-piece jigsaw puzzle
of a covered bridge.
Ah, those are the days.
See you then.
I'm great to see the Belmondos again, huh?
Oh, still, the same old friend and baby.
Oh, and they're so excited about the party Saturday night.
Saturday night?
What party Saturday night?
Crossing your grandparents' anniversary party.
I thought that was on the 18th.
Saturday is the 18th, Brainiac.
Uh-oh. You have plans?
Uh, well, I was just gonna go see Pearl Jam.
Well, you can invite your friend Pearl to the party.
Oh, yeah.
So we still have our DJ.
Yeah, you can count on me.
Any special requests?
Well, um, my favorite band is Vanilla Fudge.
How can you listen to that stuff?
Decisions, decisions.
There's so much music to choose from
when you're trying to please three generations.
I guess one thing I won't be hearing is Pearl Jam.
But Sam's tickets were crummy anyway.
There'll be other concerts.
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa. Guess what?
What?
My dad came through for us.
It seems the music editor really wanted basketball tickets,
only my dad could get hold of.
So?
Pearl Jam, fourth row, center.
He totally scored.
Fourth row?
Fourth row from the stage?
Yeah, can you believe it?
This is gonna be one totally awesome event.
One totally awesome event too many.
Now what am I gonna do?
More Clarissa. More Snake.
After this.
And why should the people listen to you?
Unlike some other Robin Hoods,
I can speak with an English accent.
A Mel Brooks film.
The legend had it come.
Rated PG-13.
Now playing at theaters everywhere.
This morning we were regular fifth graders.
Now we're heroes.
Get on started when we were separated
from our class on a field trip.
We were off goofing around when we realized
we're late.
We're gonna miss our bus.
We knew if we missed our bus, we'd be toast.
Once we saw our bus, we figured we were aces.
We were wrong.
How come we don't know anyone?
Who's bus?
Because that's our bus.
What bus are you boys supposed to be on?
The one that's going to McDonald's.
Yeah.
Follow that bus.
Not with famous.
Which is cool.
Because famous people never do homework.
Get out of the roundhouse.
Boom.
Having a ball throw rehearsal.
Change.
It's just a snip.
Hi Chris, it's mom.
Look honey, I've got a lot of work to do.
So I won't be home until late again.
Just do the usual.
You know, fix yourself a little something.
Anything you want.
Oh, and I left some money for you on the counter.
Use it for whatever you like.
Now, dad won't be home until Tuesday.
He says hi.
Oh, and somebody told me you quit soccer.
Is anything wrong?
Well, just leave me a note.
Love you.
Bye.
This summer, the best way to see TNT's favorite movies
is with everyone's favorite celebrities.
Ta-da.
This week, everyone's favorite
Seinfeld Sidekick, Jason Alexander.
Hosts Jason and the Argonauts.
TNT's our favorite movie, summer edition 93.
Thursday and Sunday on TNT.
Watching.
Nick!
And now, back to Clarissa explains it all.
I've got to choose.
They're counting on me to DJ my grandparents' anniversary,
which ordinarily would be cool.
But then there's the best seat, the best concert,
and the best band in the whole entire world.
What do you do?
And there are two things you really want to do,
and they're both happening at the same time.
Probably have tickets.
Cool.
Tell me about it.
Fourth row.
How often you get seats like that?
Like never.
So go.
Your grandparents will understand.
Besides, they're old.
They probably won't even remember.
I'm obligated.
I'm the DJ.
The success of the party will rest in my hands.
And these primo tickets will rest in someone else's.
They're my grandparents.
They're our anniversary.
I'm going to the party.
Cool.
Can I have your ticket?
Everyone's your friend when they want something from you.
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa.
You better sit down for this.
Sam.
It's your backstage passage.
I know.
The Pearl Jam?
This Saturday?
I know.
I love your music.
Oh, that is so dorky.
I know.
I won't say anything.
They'll just think I'm mysterious.
So you'll blow up the party.
Party.
Can't miss this concert.
I'll just have to tell them.
How hard can that be?
It's swollen.
Oh, it's not swollen, Marshal.
And it can't possibly hurt as much as you say it does.
Ah, okay.
You get your leg whacked by a windmill at the mini golf,
and then you can talk to me about pain.
Well, I just hope your leg is better by tonight
because your parents are counting on all of us going roller skating.
Well, you're not going to be by yourself.
Fergus and Clarissa are going to be there.
Darn the luck.
I just realized my term paper on mollusks is due,
and I'm afraid I'll have to miss roller skating.
Just exactly when is it due?
Well, it's due in two weeks,
but when you start skimping on gastropods,
you're just asking for trouble.
Mm-hmm. Nice try, Ferguson.
Mom, I'm tired.
I ache.
I have a blister on my toe.
Please.
Well, maybe we can talk them into a nice game of parcheasy.
What do you think, dear?
Oh, whatever anybody else wants to do.
Something wrong?
Oh, hi, everybody.
But, oh, Marsha, what happened to your leg?
Oh, it's nothing.
You can say that again.
I may have to stay off it for a few days.
Oh, you're going to make roller skating, aren't you?
Touch and go.
Oh, my little marshmallow.
Nana, Papa.
Hey, how's our little disc jockey?
Good. Um, about the party.
It'll be a blast.
We just had lunch with the Del Mondos,
and they're so impressed with you.
With me?
That's right.
Mimi can't believe a teenager
would give up her Saturday night
to spend time with her grandparents.
It is hard to believe.
But about Saturday.
But we told them that our clavrissa was different.
She wants to be with us.
I do. I do want to be with you.
Of course you do.
It wouldn't be a party without you.
We better get changed for roller skating.
Do you want to hold these people up?
Okay.
Well, I'm glad I got that off my chest.
What about Norman Lunrich?
Norman Lunrich?
You're going to give my Pearl Jam tickets to Norman Lunrich?
He eats mayonnaise and peanut butter sandwiches
and enjoys doing logarithms.
Clavrissa, you've eliminated everybody else.
Let's face it, you can't go.
If it's any consolation,
I'll be screaming a name when Pearl Jam kicks in at 10.
10?
The ticket says 8.30.
We'll figure at least an hour and a half
to suffer through the warm-up band.
Party starts at 8.
The real concert starts at 10.
Oh, my gosh!
What?
Sam, with your help, there's still one chance
I can jam with Pearl Jam.
Well, sure you might think $5 is a bit pricey
for a chocolate bar, but it's for the chess team,
and we need our uniforms.
In that case, here you go, Sonny.
And Sonny.
Yes, sir.
In my day, we at least tried to make it believable.
Return it.
Mom!
Here.
Here's one I've never heard of, and you're sure to remember.
Harvest Serenade by Larry Lamor in the Lightfooters.
And I thought we had weird band names.
All right, we've got the canapes,
the little crackers, the bologna roll-up.
Calm down! How hard can this be?
I just don't want any hitches in the operation, Sam.
Once we get going, it's full steam ahead.
Marshal, everyone keeps asking about you.
Wouldn't you like to make an appearance?
Oh, yeah, I'd like to, but I haven't finished writing my speech yet.
Um, I don't know what to say about my folks.
Now they've made all these changes in their life.
Well, I'm sure whatever you come up with, they'll be proud.
Just about ready with the hors d'oeuvres, kids?
Right behind you, Mom.
Now remember the plan, Sam.
Time is of the essence.
Got it.
Let's synchronize our watches.
It's now 8.15. We've got to be out of here by 9.
Ladies and gentlemen, what can I say on a night like this
with parents like mine?
What can I say?
Ready?
Ready.
Let's do it.
Bye, just bye.
Sam, in the sophomores, you're eating my heart out.
Indulge.
That about wraps it up.
Good, but not good enough.
We'll never get to the concert at this rate.
Let's speed it up.
Speed it up?
You heard me. Let's go.
Ladies and gentlemen, what can I say on a night like this
with parents like mine?
Yeah, a night like...
Now what did I say?
A night like this.
Come on, everybody. Let's dance.
Wrap it up.
How we doing?
Three minutes.
Into the coats?
And out the door.
Whoa, slow down. Where's the fire?
What do you mean?
You haven't sat down all night.
Oh, well, that's just because there's so much going on.
Oh, come on, Clarissa.
Why, you've been racing around all evening like,
well, like you had something better to do.
Better?
What could be better than this?
Clarissa?
Not really better. Different maybe.
I wouldn't really say better.
But see, there's this band, Pearl Jam,
and even though they're the greatest band in the whole wide world,
we really don't have to see this concert
even though they hardly tour at all.
What do you mean you want to leave?
Oh, no, I couldn't.
I mean, I just wouldn't feel right, right.
Go on, get out of here.
No way you understand.
You do?
Well, you never understood when I wanted to go see Vanilla Fudge.
Well, then why don't you go see them tonight, too?
Yeah, yeah, Mom.
Kids, go ahead. Get out of here.
We'll be fine without you.
Dad, is it okay?
Well, on a night like this with parents like mine,
you know, what can I say?
Have a good time.
You guys are the greatest.
Oh, have a good time.
Oh, uh, Dad, about your speech.
It's a young crowd. Try to keep it snappy.
Well, Marshal, next year, how about a family trip?
We'll go whitewater rafting.
Oh, I don't know, Dad. It's kind of dangerous, you know?
The rapids, the hypothermia,
and you don't know where you're going to sleep at night.
Marshal, lighten up. When did he get so conservative?
Oh, if only he'd lose it.
Well, again, happy anniversary.
And have a safe trip home.
Well, we're not going home.
We're going salmon fishing in Alaska.
Oh, I need some chocolate bars for the trip, Ferguson.
On me.
Oh, thanks.
Well, it was great to see you.
All right, I'll get you.
Take care, everybody.
I can't believe how much they've changed.
I'll say.
And you know what?
What?
Well, I hope the next time they visit,
they're exactly the same.
Bye!
Tomorrow night, tune in to Snick.
If you dare, for an entire evening of Are You Afraid of the Dark
and join the Midnight Society for Four Tales of Terror,
guaranteed to make you scream.
Snick!
Tomorrow night at 8 o'clock, 7 central, right here.
Now thank goodness it's Cotter Friday,
next on Nick at Night's Block Party Summer.
Loris explains it all was taped in Nickelodeon Studios
at Universal Studios, Orlando, Florida.
The Partridge Family, the ordinary American family.
Doing chores, going to school,
playing sold-out rock and roll concerts
of their chart-busting hits,
of their chart-busting hits.
The Partridge Family is a family like none other,
traveling the country in a strange, painted bus.
Strange?
You're calling my family strange?
Well...
Tracy?
Don't put that drumstick up your nose.
Prove to The Partridge Family every week night
at 8, 7 central on Nick at Night.
From Touchstone Pictures,
I came back from the dead for you.
My boyfriend wore your pump gas for me.
It's Missy MacLeod's first time.
I like you, Johnny.
And Johnny Dingles her first love.
All right.
But she's just a little nervous.
Johnny, hi.
Because he is just a little dead.
Your ear fell off.
He's a stinking zombie, you idiot.
My boyfriend's back.
What if other stuff started falling off?
Rated PG-13 starts Friday, August 6th
at a theater near you.
What do they think of bubble tape's new dispenser pack?
Your barber calls you Tiger.
Hey, Tiger.
Gives everyone the same haircut.
He says that new pack just doesn't cut it.
And Edna wears too much lipstick.
Her house smells like mock-ups.
She has no teeth.
She says,
I still can't chew bubble tape.
Six feet of bubble tape coming soon
in a new dispenser pack for you.
Not them.
Get some tech.
Each narrowing comes with two awesome action figures,
turbo-flex shells, supersonic armor, two shell shots,
two official trading cards and action pack mini comic.
New from JPI.
Here is depleted.
And would you look at this rainforest so thin?
Ah, again with the strip mining.
Well, luckily there's still time.
Sign, don't you talk to me about that.
He's always running out on me.
Father, time, is this true?
Recently, I had quite a scare.
Had to take Mother Earth to the hospital.
They said me filling out forms up to here.
Sign this, sign that, sign here, sign there.
It's tough when you're worried.
So it looks like time is running out for Mother Earth.
By now, you're probably asking yourself,
What am I supposed to do about it?
I mean, I'm not a politician or anything.
Are you stuck in a low pay, go nowhere, do nothing, job?
Yeah.
If you answered yes, then you're probably either a kid
or the vice president of the United States.
In any case, there's no point in concentrating
on what you can't be.
Think about what you can be.
You can be a nuisance.
Why did anyone come learn how to be a nuisance
in no time at all?
Kids are especially good at it.
You'll learn proven techniques such as brow beating.
Mom, but you couldn't have false faith in it.
He's always effective whining.
Yeah, don't throw away that newspaper recycling.
You'll even master advanced nuisance methods
like playing off the other person's vanity.
Sis, don't take the car, it's only six blocks.
Then walk off some of that cellulite.
When all else fails, dazzle him with scientific knowledge.
Pull my finger.
No way, dad.
That ain't fair to the ozone layer.
Ozone, schmozone.
So there's a big hole in the sky at the south pole.
So a bunch of penguins get a suntan.
Big wolf.
You're missing the point, dad.
Right now I'm going to miss the point after.
You're blocking the TV.
Come on, son, I don't care about the ozone.
Right now, I just want you to know
that you're not going to miss the point after.
Come on, son, I don't care about the ozone.
Right now, I just want to see the end zone.
Saving the earth is not a game.
Oh, look at that.
They brought the kick and I missed it.
Come on, you're being a pain in my end zone.
What's with all this environmental hoo-ha?
All of a sudden, my whole family's turned into one big pain in the...
That last, the painkiller for that specific pain
only an aggravated father knows.
Presenting Dadville.
Sorry, pal.
No fancy aspirin's going to help the pain I got.
Dadville's no ordinary back pain relief remedy.
No, it's made for dads
as families make their pathetic, wretched lives
of living hell, just like you.
Well, it's not technically back pain, though.
Well, Dadville's not ordinary back pain.
No, it's specifically designed for that pain in the lower back.
Lower, lower, lower back.
Hey, I can feel it working already.
Look, I can sit in my chair again.
And relief is as fast as you can say.
What happened to that huge pain in my butt?
Oh, they're still here.
But my buns feel great.
Shia with Elsa Flicks.
Here to tell us about this new line of environmentally conscious clothing
in the form of fast food clowns turned environmentally designer,
Donald McRonalds. Welcome, Donald.
Thank you, Elsa.
All of my new designs are made from fast food packages
which have been recycled into witted apparel.
Ooh, let's have a look, shall we?
As you know, Elsa, hats are in.
Notice the way the tiny styrofoam box
makes candle head appear.
This look was inspired by my dear friend, Mary McLeese,
who wore a tiny derby and had a huge hamburger for a hat.
Well, it's absolutely lovely.
Elsa, today's women are environmentally conscious
and going places.
What better way to express that
than with a pair of happy-knee boxes on your feet?
To me, it says I'm a woman.
I'm independent.
And that, to have it, I'm happy.
Notice, too, the back breakfast plate sanny pack.
This is the house.
Fluff, duck, and sausage.
It's so realistic.
And eyeliner.
It's absolutely stunning.
And isn't this fabulous?
It's both practical and feminine.
You get the look and feel of a high-quality garment.
Thank you so much, Donald.
And we'll be right back with a look at Donald's
new condiment-inspired cologne,
Odin McMustard, and McPickle number five.
Right, possible.
And summer.
Many people ask me how I keep
so physically fit and mentally challenged.
It's easy.
With the aerobic duck and batter.
The compactor is designed for people like you
who want to firm up your glee.
You've got a room.
You're a high-knee.
And it's so easy to use.
Any of an eye can do it.
Simply jar with your right foot.
Oh.
Sorry, they look so much alike.
And step, step, step your weight to the left weight.
Wait, you need smaller trash bags
and smaller dress sizes.
And only time for those trouble spots
that need that extra attention.
Time a new thigh masher.
Ladies and gentlemen,
live from the Earth Summit on the Alaskan coastline.
They're militant.
They're righteous.
They're rapping.
And they're in viral mentalists.
It's Sister Future and Brother Nature.
Yo, yo, yo, check it out.
Don't make a peace that I'm not here.
What it is, I'm Sister Future.
Don't sponge off the Earth like if I'm in a mooch.
I'm here to save the Earth's future.
And if you don't dig it, you can kiss it.
I'm the ninja in the house
to give it up for my homie brother Earth.
And if you don't love it, then you can show me here.
Listen, my brother.
What I'm about to say is true.
I'm sucking up a soda from my can.
And then I'm true.
I'm walking down the street.
And then I'm going to fuck it.
And then I'm going to ask my brother,
man, if I might be parted.
Peace is all about the fight.
Listen up.
You're pretending all your greats do your part.
Peace.
I'm out of here.
The big orange couch will sneak again after this.
Think of all the mature, responsible things
you could be doing.
Helping old ladies cross the street,
proudly maintaining your yard,
hanging with your foals, leaning your room.
But get real.
You'd rather be playing video games.
You can rent them from Blockbuster.
They've got more of the coolest new Nintendo,
Super Nintendo,
and Sega Genesis games for rent
than anyone in the world.
So dudes, why not get your games at Blockbuster?
It's the mature thing to do.
You can zap, you can score, you can hit the floor.
Chucky cheese.
Looks like we both won big today.
Where a kid can be a kid.
We now return to Roundhouse and Snick.
Only on Nick.
Do you see what I'm doing for the environment?
You kids are always harping on me about it.
What are you doing?
Nothing.
Absolutely nothing.
Huh?
How's that helping the environment?
Look, come on. I thought you kids were up on this stuff.
I'm not driving a car around, so I'm not polluting the air.
I'm not running a lawn mower.
I'm not using a hedge clippers.
All that friction could add to global warming.
And that's just around the house.
I'll have you know at this very moment
your father is not doing thousands of jobs
all across this country.
Talk about saving energy.
I could be the single best friend this earth has.
Well, great, Dad.
How about if we're joining the spirit by not going to school?
Very funny, Mr. Wiseacre.
If you're not out the door by the time I count to three,
I'm going to break my pledge not to kick your butt
all the way to the bus stop.
One, two.
Only had to count to two.
That in itself probably saved a deal somewhere.
Special dramatic presentation by a kid dressed as a tree.
I think that I shall never see a thing as lovely as it.
Look at the flowering conifer.
I am a sub-appointed environmental spokesman.
It's true the trees in our rainforest
are disappearing almost as fast as my hair.
But another valuable resource
is vanishing even faster.
The children who portray trees
in our school play.
Yeah. Thousands of these children
die of embarrassment every year.
That's why I'm asking you to help preserve
insecure dweebs in our trees.
Or idiots.
Yeah. Many popular actors
are idiots who began their careers as trees.
So, if an idiot comes knocking at your door at one of these funny little cheap cardboard
costumes, give generously, because idiots are our most valuable resource.
Next to oil, of course.
TV.
Isn't that losing energy?
Heh.
Shows how much you know.
I got one of those solar panels on the roof.
This TV is running on the sun.
Well, that's great, Dad!
You really are doing something to help the environment.
Way to go!
Hi, I'm Cindy Crossis, and today on House of Siles, we'll be looking at the
evolution of the song Bikini.
Ooh, the solar TV is going to work out just fine.
Being an environmentalist isn't so difficult after all.
The song was absolutely inspired by a wedgie.
Let's go to the beach where our two young models playfully re-enact their wedgie.
Hey, what's going on?
Hey!
Hey, you can't stop flying that kite over my solar panel!
Yeah, you want a piece of me?
Bring it on!
I forgot it!
I got songs to watch.
That's a program to take you live to the observatory where the once-in-a-million-year solar eclipse
is about to take...
Great.
I got a moon blocking my moons.
And that's a story behind the thongs.
Thanks again to Madonna for her special appearance.
Aw, no!
I can't believe I missed Madonna's buns!
What did you say, dear?
I said that we wouldn't miss those buns that we bought, those extra sticky buns.
We could give them to hungry people or something, somewhere else.
Oh, yes.
Your concern for buns is inspiring, dear.
And Sally Bovers!
Talk about the many children who don't have food to eat.
A place to sleep.
High school diploma.
Be able to solve those freaky problems like world hunger.
But we can still help them earn a diploma through hungry children's correspondence schools,
associate's degrees, and any of these specialized areas.
Auto repair.
Electrical.
Legal secretary.
Hair-sleeper in the high-tech unisex salon industry.
Piggly-wiggly checkout.
And much, much more.
For the small price of just one declare a day,
we can make the difference between a hungry child
and a hungry child who has a lot of homework.
One of her son-for-child success stories.
Bid me stuff to tell you for herself.
So hungry.
But I now know gun repair.
My children.
Do you know of any role for overweight?
I've been out since then.
Honestly, how can you love like this?
It's been trapped in a pile of cheese.
Different.
Come in here and clean this room up.
It's a disaster area.
Hi, I'm President Clinton.
You know, the federal government is not only concerned about the environment,
but we're also desperate for cash.
For 25 bucks, we'll make sure you never have to clean your room again.
You mean you're going to clean it for me?
No, but we'll officially declare your room a protected natural habitat.
Ma'am, we found a rare strain of ear mites that live only in Jimmy's room.
Don't touch a thing.
This room is a protected ear mites sanctuary room.
Oh, fish, I'll just do it myself.
Put the shirt down and step back.
Step away from the shirt.
Sorry, ma'am.
Can't room with a wildlife sanctuary is against the law.
You'll have to come with me, ma'am.
Oh, my heck, I will.
You little saxophone playing MTV baby boomer slob.
I'll show you who wears the pants and the pants.
Ah, I'm razor.
Live from my room, nearby.
Do you think exercise will make you tired?
Sure, right after a good workout, you'll be tired.
But in the long run, when you exercise and get physically fit,
you'll actually end up having more energy.
That energy will help you get more done,
you'll feel good, you'll sleep better,
and you'll be more mentally alert.
So exercise and have more energy.
Only on Nick.
Hi there, folks.
Come on down to the We Don't Care Mart,
where we specialize in rare and dangerous animal products
because we don't care.
Take a look at this genuine condor gym bag.
Guaranteed to impress the guys.
Only $9.95.
We can sell it cheap because we don't care.
How about our stuffed panda special
for all you young livers out there?
They're selling like hotcakes.
You know, there's only 50 alive left in captivity,
but you know what?
We don't care.
Say, bring the kids on down for a whooping clean hot dog
and a visit to the beaten zoo.
Come poke them, feed them explosives.
Have a good old time.
Come on down to the We Don't Care Mart,
where we take the mental out of environmental mental.
Ladies and gentlemen, magic is in the air.
Please welcome the world's foremost environmental magician,
Sigmund and Troy.
So naturally we'll be holding them around the world
and make public spectacles of them.
Y'all once made millions of American dollars.
But what about other endangered species?
Well, I'm glad you asked
because it's time for our third species, magic.
Ladies and gentlemen, for the last time anywhere,
the Spotted Owl.
The Spotted Owl lives in the great force
of the American Northwest.
Oh, the tears disappeared.
Now Troy, how do we make them real here?
I'm afraid we can't, Sigmund.
We're not really magicians.
We're just a couple of silly Germans
in a flashy outfit.
Once these things are gone, they're gone.
Great line. Earth, the year 2093.
A TV commercial from the future, future, future.
Remember when the Earth had an ozone layer
that protected us from the sun
and we could actually go outdoors?
Well, now you can relive those days.
Take along on your vacation.
Whether you're going to the Canadian desert
or planning a trip to visit the trees.
Oh, Troy, STF 2000.
Now I can go in the sun for almost 11 seconds.
Too long.
Just for the time we have,
in 100 years we could see this commercial instead.
Oh, Mother Earth is just fine now.
And that's just the way I like it.
When it comes down to it,
it's all a matter of simple arithmetic.
How many Earths do we have?
We have to save it.
What?
And how many people is it going to take
to make a scar?
I'm going to teach you a little something about recycling.
Ready?
Sure. Go ahead.
Reprise the theme song and roll the credits.
Whenever my life gets me so down
I know I can go down
Down, down, down, down
We went up and down
I found some music to sing
You know what I'm saying
I can find a friend
You see, they have couriers on a Harley with California.
Man, it's getting out.
Nick shows, Nick shows on SNCC.
See? Sure.
It's Monday morning
and in one minute, Dave's car will break down.
Again.
Dave doesn't really have a car problem.
He has a drug problem.
And if he works for you, it's your problem.
You see, drug users have almost doubled the normal absentee rate,
which you certainly can't afford.
To put drugs out of business in your business,
call for this guide.
It's surprisingly easy
and a lot cheaper than Dave's car problem.
This summer, the best way to see TNT's favorite movies
is with everyone's favorite celebrities.
Ta-da.
This week, everyone's favorite Seinfeld sidekick,
Jason Alexander, hosts Jason and the Argonauts.
TNT's our favorite movie, summer edition 93.
Ah!
Thursday and Sunday on TNT.
The two toughest characters in cartoon history...
Tom, Jerry...
...are teaming up.
We've got a bust out of here
to save a brave young girl from her wicked ass.
They're getting away.
They're following us.
You happy people?
Get ready for Tom and Jerry, the movie Rated G.
Now playing at a theater near you.
All you shouldn't brag about
your surfing and stuff to all your friends
or surfing clothes.
Shorts, baggies.
Shorts that is my jersey.
This is a leash.
I get shots, too.
Wow.
You know Stimpy?
This army business ain't so bad.
I think we found our niche.
What did he say?
A-T-E-E-E-B-O!
A-W-B-O!
H-W-P-P-P-F-O!
H-W-P-P-F-O!
Follow orders!
I have you two insects.
Give me 20!
There's a rule.
I don't like to lend money.
But you got an honest face.
I think the sides likes you best
because he gave you the most potatoes to peel.
Recruit, train, and Stimpy report for tear gas training.
Tear gas room?
You!
I tell you, man, there's nothing to get me in there.
I...
I cheated.
I held my breath.
Boy, Stimpy.
You're such a knucklehead.
Listen, you moron.
I am smart.
You're stupid.
I know how to get around that big, dopey serge.
Stick with me, kid.
I know where I'm going in life.
H-B-O!
Happy, happy, happy.
Peel, peel, peel.
Rest period's over.
Let's get a move on.
Did you hear me?
I said, let's get going.
You don't want to anger that big, dopey serge.
Oh man, my dogs are killing me.
Boy, it sure feels good to get those boots off.
You said it.
Good night, Ren.
Good night, Stimpy.
And now all I need is eight hours.
You'll want to tear off the head.
Sleep.
No.
No sleep.
No bed.
No, no, no.
You bed, bed, bed.
Hey, Guido.
It's all so clear to me now.
I'm the keeper of the cheese.
And you're the lemon merchant.
You get it?
And he knows it.
That's why he's going to kill us.
So we got to beat it.
Yeah.
Before you let's loose the marmosets on us.
Don't worry, little Missy.
I'll save you.
You're graduated.
You're full-fledged tank paratroopers.
Stimpy, I can't believe it.
We made it.
Not only do we have these cool uniforms and a swell tank,
we were also proud members of an elite fighting for.
Oh, beautiful, four-spaces skies,
four amber waves of grain.
Four purple mountains, majesty
above the prudent plain.
America, America,
God, shed His grace on thee.
And Stimpy and Snick will be back after these messages.
There are a lot more of what you call ugly people in this world
than beautiful people.
And there's a growing sense of strength in our collective ugliness.
And it's frightening to some people.
But we refuse to accept the standard television definition
of what beauty is.
We don't want to live in a beer commercial.
We don't have permanent dramatic shadows
that make our plain faces pretty.
We don't have perfect airbrushed bodies.
And we don't want them.
Point is not to be beautiful.
The point is to be yourself.
Think of all the mature, responsible things you could be doing.
Helping old ladies cross the street.
Playing with your folks.
Or cleaning your room.
But get real.
You'd rather be playing video games.
You can rent them from Blockbuster.
They've got more video games to rent than anyone in the world.
And now every Blockbuster's getting tons of the coolest new video games.
And you can play for three whole evenings.
So dudes, why not get your games from Blockbuster?
It's the mature thing to do.
A single mother of five,
a psychedelic bus,
and a dream of rock and roll super stardom.
Sort of far out, but it just might work.
The Partridge family is Classic TV.
Every weeknight at 8, 7 Central on Nick at Night.
Forever Plan.
The hip musical in its fourth fabulous year in New York.
And delighting audiences all over America.
Forever Plan.
It's joyous, exuberant, funny.
It's the musical comedy that's absolutely perfect.
That's Steve McGraths.
Call 212-595-7400.
A day at Six Flags Great Adventure.
It's a world of fun.
Hey, there's nothing like a Six Flags day with your kids.
Now there's nothing like the excitement of adventure rivers.
Over 100 great rides and attractions and all.
Including the world's largest drive-through safari.
Share the fun today at a theme park bigger than Disneyland.
Six Flags Great Adventure.
It's not a world away.
Get these great savings with special coupons
at participating Burger Kings.
The whole wide world is whining for Wienerville.
Nickelodeon Wienerville.
What are they whining for?
They're whining for their cartoons.
They're whining for the head puppets.
They're whining to watch real kids get wienerized.
They're whining for Wienerville.
The only show worth whining for
every Sunday starting at 2-1 Central on Nickelodeon.
And now, back to the glow of the Ren and Stimpy show.
New amazing product!
Hi, kids.
I start out my day with my favorite breakfast.
That's right.
Sugar-frosted milk.
Makes for a very slumpy evening.
Morning, sis.
It's time for Ask Dr. Stupid
with your host, Dr. Stupid.
Oh, hello there.
Doctor, here's a letter from Jennifer from Bent-Armpit, Wyoming.
And she asks,
Dear Dr. Stupid,
what is that ugly white slab in my can of beans?
That's a very good question, Jennifer.
I'd better put on my patented stupometer on helmet.
Prepare to activate.
The answer's simple, really.
Jennifer, that ugly white slab in your can of beans is...
the queen bean!
And all the other beans are the worker beans that serve her!
Thank you, Dr. Stupid.
Tune in next time for Ask Dr. Stupid.
At last I have control of your TV set!
Are you receiving me?
Welcome to our secret headquarters.
Thousands of miles below the Earth's crust!
Shut up, you fool!
How do we know we can trust them?
We could make them take the oath!
Perfect! The oath!
Put your hand on the TV screen and repeat after me.
I, to hereby promise, only to watch the Rain and Stimpy show.
To make underleg noises during the good scenes.
To wear unwashed leaderhosen
every single day of the rest of my life!
That's it! You're in our secret club!
All right, Stimpy. They're okay. Show them the stuff.
Congratulations!
Shut up and show them.
I'm showing them! I'm showing them!
Okay, kids, it's time for a secret cartoon!
Now, believe it or not, I've been known to lie.
But this here is a true story.
Now, the desire for food sometimes makes strange bed-fellers.
And that's where Rain, Hope, and Stimpy come in.
That's Hawk, you idiot! That's Hawk!
Natural enemies in the wild, the cat and the azmahound chihuahua
have united in the face of adversity.
Now, Old Man Hunger was just a gnawing at their bellies.
Why, heck, even a dead gum-trusted bread
could look mighty appetizing.
Except, of course, if it happened to be some other feller's lunch.
And Old Man Pigeon wasn't about to give up his meal.
Like Old Man Lady Luck just about to run out on these two fellers.
But always remember, when the black, hoary clouds of despair
darken your doorstep, look for that one ray of hope.
Come a-shining down from above.
I dig at your dog. I filled my quota for the day.
You boys are gonna like this place.
We're gonna have a lot of fun here.
You boys like to have fun, don't you?
Yeah, sure. Fun. Anything to say?
Go ahead, have fun.
This is a life. A square meal a day.
A roof over your head. What do you think, boys?
Yeah, it's full of shanther.
Yep. Nothing can go wrong here. Take it from Bill.
Hey, Jasper, where did they can feel?
He's going to sleep.
Oh, great.
I could use a map myself.
Hey, Jasper, where's Phil?
I told you, they put him to sleep.
So wake him up.
You're not wake up from the big sleep.
The big sleep.
The big sleep! The big sleep! The big sleep!
What's the big sleep, friend?
Dad! Dad, you idiot! You know what dad is?
Get out of here!
Don't do it, man.
I'm covered with hairballs.
You thief, you dog! You fat, bloated idiot!
You worm! You stupid!
You can't hurt me, unless you take Stimpy, too.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Please, please, God, please.
Look at you cute little things.
What's this?
Do we have a gift for our big brainless buddy?
Of course we do, yeah.
My first material possession.
Oh, joy.
I can hardly wait to try it.
What's the matter, Susie? What's the matter, Jill?
Well, let's have a look.
It's log for girls.
Yes, log.
All kids love log.
Hairballs over your neighbor's dog.
What's way for a snack and fits on your back?
It's log, log, log.
It's log, it's log.
Get your log, log.
From Blamo.
It's the one place you'll get satisfaction.
It's got bangers.
That's the Nickelodeon.
And it's sold every day.
At Chuck E. Cheese's, you can win your way.
With games and rides, you can play all day.
You can zap, you can score, you can hit the floor.
Chuck E. Cheese.
Looks like we both won big today.
Where a kid can be a kid.
The eyes of justice are watching.
It's Batman.
Two faces of firing frenzy.
Surprise. Batman takes charge in the invincible hoverback.
No contest.
Capture claws.
Two faces of double time. Batman.
From Touchdown Pictures.
I came back from the dead for you.
My boyfriend wanted to pump gas for me.
It's missing a cloud's first time.
I like you, Johnny.
And Johnny dingles her first love.
But she's just a little nervous.
Johnny, hi.
Because he is just a little dead.
Your ear fell off.
He's a stinking zombie, you idiot.
My boyfriend's back.
Other stuff started falling off.
Rated PG-13.
Starts Friday, August 6th at a theater near you.
Commitment.
Not afraid to meet the commitment.
I'm not afraid of promises.
Black Fever.
Tune in to Nick News W5 and tune into your world.
Cute and cuddly or Jurassic Park.
What were dinosaurs really like?
Moon landing, sky lab, space shuttle.
Where's NASA going now?
Cheese puffs sculptures.
Why is this art?
It's all on Nick News W5.
Nick News W5 this week.
Nick News, your world, your news.
Tomorrow at 8-7 Central,
on the network that's tuned in to kids, Nickelodeon.
Everybody over there.
Now everybody over here.
Nick, Nick.
Leave here, watch out.
What's that supposed to be?
Tonight's the night the spirits are free
to take in some victims away.
Oh, come on, you made that up.
That's it, I'm outta here.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Guys?
Great idea.
Cool.
Doing.
Don't you know about tonight?
It's a full moon on Leap Year.
Oh, no, not you, too.
This mask within this circle is our only protection.
Sounds like a pretty dumb joke to me.
You don't have to believe me, but it's an old superstition.
My story takes place on February 29th, Leap Year.
It happens every four years.
And when it comes with a full moon, watch out.
The spirits who prowl on a full moon, Leap Year, are hunting.
And it may be for you.
Submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society,
I call this story the tale of the whispering walls.
Claire and Andrew Dickens were on their way home
from a trip to the amusement park with Louise,
their favorite babysitter.
Ah, the laugh in the dark ride was awesome.
When Zibo jumped out, I almost croaked.
You're so childish.
You nice little schmunkins, or I won't take you to Molly's.
Banana splits.
Oh, the kitty.
Only if you're good and stop fighting.
The teeth are going to rot.
They still don't have a fucking breath as your dog.
Remember, love is greatest when words are few.
What does that mean?
It means shut up.
That's strange.
I thought the number nine highway was back there.
Isn't that sign supposed to be blue?
What do you know?
Let's just go.
I'm hungry.
You're always hungry.
I don't recognize any of this.
I need to get directions.
Anyone here?
This place is creepy.
I'm gone.
Up that door!
I love crafts.
Sorry, we don't mean to bother you, but we're lost.
Lost?
You're precisely on time.
We're looking for highway nine to Victor Heights?
Highway nine.
You've strayed quite far.
But I know a shortcut.
Take the dirt road outside.
It travels through the woods and will cut miles off your trip.
I can do it for you?
No, but thanks for your help.
It's a creep.
It's just a little eccentric.
That's all.
Accent?
What does that mean?
It means it was a creep.
Did we run out of gas?
No, I don't know what happened.
We'll never have banana splits.
We're stuck here.
And all you can think about is eating.
Let's ask if we can use their phone.
Why don't we walk back to that tavern and use their phone?
Because we can use the one here.
Come on.
I don't want to go.
Why are you scared?
No.
Don't move.
I'll be back in a flash.
Chicken.
He should be back by now.
I'm going in.
But Louise said to wait here.
You really are chicken.
I won when her asked to knock.
No way.
Loser does.
Listen, haunted houses.
Louise planned this.
I know it.
Come on out, Louise.
Hey, let me try some.
Good thing you are a pig and tried to eat my ice cream.
We'll have to go back to that tavern.
And that's that guy for help.
I thought you said he was a creep.
Do you have a better idea?
We came from that house in the woods.
Louise, our babysitter.
I think she's lost there.
There, there, dearie.
Have some punch.
No, thank you.
Can you help us?
Relax, darling.
That man of yours shall be fine once the sun sets.
And now you know that's not true.
What do you mean?
It's leap year.
And a full moon.
We wouldn't be here otherwise, would we?
You remind me so much of my dear little Jane.
So sad, so sad.
Pay no attention.
They're just pulling your leg.
About what?
I don't get it.
Lighten up there, little sister.
It's a party.
The sun's going down, and we can live.
Who lives in that house?
The better question is, who's the house living in?
It's Master Raymond's house.
Has been for years.
And for years to come.
Want to buy a brush?
What do we need to do?
What are we going to do?
Go home.
How?
What about Louise?
We'll call them and dad.
They'll come and pick us up.
Do they have a phone in there?
They missed.
Come on.
Excuse me, can we use your...
There's only one thing we can do.
We've got to go get Louise.
Afraid of the dark?
Stay in the glow of the couch and stay tuned.
It's camp sing-along time.
From the only network for you.
He'll be coming, know to all his dunky lips.
He will share his dancing trips.
They said no one's dancing trips.
He will crush you, doggie suck it and pump it.
You should smell his socks.
Stop!
Donkey Tom.
Donky Lips wants you...
To salute your shorts, weekdays at 5-30, 4-30 Central on Nickelodeon.
Think of all the mature, responsible things you could be doing.
ladies cross the street proudly maintaining your yard cleaning your room but get real
you'd rather be playing video games you can run them from blockbuster they've got
more of the coolest new Nintendo Super Nintendo and Sega Genesis games for rent
than anyone in the world so dudes why not get your games of blockbuster it's
the mature thing to do what do they think of bubble tapes new dispenser
your barber calls you tiger
hey tiger gives everyone the same hair cut
he says that new pack just doesn't cut it
and Edna wears too much lipstick
her house smells like maw cubs
she has no teeth
she says I still can't chew bubble tapes
six feet of bubble tape coming soon in a new dispenser pack for you not them
I love video scavenger heads let's roll
spider dogs, twins, rock group, group headstand
got it
twins?
well I always see twins and McDonald's
wait what's by the dog
hey a rock group
wait for me
red convertibles
I always see red convertibles
McDonald's
hey we're doing great
we're doing great
look twins
not anymore
I knew we'd find everything in McDonald's
but why don't you say something
Wienerville is one show worth waiting for
I wanna watch Wienerville
Nickelodeon Wienerville
every Sunday afternoon right here on Nick
now the sneaking begins again
with are you afraid of the dark
she already left
but her car's still outside
I'll be sceptic forever
never to be sceptic
and you
my dog
Louise
Louise is that you?
over here
in the living room
Louise?
I'm upstairs
please
come help me
how'd you get there?
that guy
he's from the tavern
he must be master Raymond
who cares
he was a creep remember
now he's a ghost creep
we have to find Louise
how about you find her
I stay here
no
I need you
you do?
yeah
you're smart
you think of the things that I don't
yeah yeah
I do don't I
come on
I have to look upstairs
there's a little shmunk in the head
come in
there really is you
what happened?
don't worry
I'm okay
I found this little baby
and we can go just as soon as he's asleep
I thought for sure that you were hurt
or even
no
I'm fine
I've never been better
this is for you
little Jane
so sad
help me
Louise
it's me
it's really me
I'm trapped
where are the candlesticks?
big words
for such a small boy
not small
I'm not scared of you
no matter
when the sun sets
her soul
will be mine
who are you?
what do you want?
her energy will keep me
alive
keep this house
and she'll
be part of us
forever
you're a monster
I would choose my words carefully
if I were you
or you
might be next
don't touch that
take a hike, boy
there's no use
in running
the sun
is almost down
she
is
mine
don't count on it, boy
silly boy
with silly toys
you won't fool me again
dear
you too
little one
little boy
they're mine now
no
Violet
what are you doing?
I won't let you do this
you dare
go against my wish
they're so young
this is not your concern
return to the walls
she's so like my poor little Jane
but no
no
what happened?
thank you
still open and split
still stands
and to this day
people still disappear
when the moon is full
on February 29
time to go
you go first
no after you
not me
you go Frank
I'll go after Gary goes
I'm not going first
else
you can't help
you said it
some bad smells you stay away from
some bad smells
don't have to happen
smoking sticks
don't start
the Partridge family
the ordinary American family
doing chores
going to school
playing sold out rock and roll concerts
of their chart busting hits
the Partridge family is a family like none other
traveling the country in a strange painted bus
strange
you're calling my family strange
well
Tracy
don't put that drumstick up your nose
groove to the Partridge family
every weeknight at 8 7 central on Nick at night
do you have it
drugs
you're unstoppable
and doing so natural
you're trying your best
and not all things are
you're doing so natural
you're trying your best
and not all things